add load/save libai checkpoint (#231)
Oneflow-Inc/libai: docs/source/tutorials/basics/Load_and_Save_Checkpoint.md

> # Load/Save a Checkpoint in LiBai

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Load and Save Checkpoint in LiBai
```
感觉这样好些

> Instead of directly using [`flow.save()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=save#oneflow.save) and [`flow.load()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.load#oneflow.load), LiBai provides a [`checkpoint module`](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.utils.html#module-libai.utils.checkpoint) dealing with complex situations for saving/loading model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of directly using [`flow.save()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=save#oneflow.save) and [`flow.load()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.load#oneflow.load), LiBai provides the [`checkpoint module`](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.utils.html#module-libai.utils.checkpoint) to deal with the complex situations of ``saving&loading`` model.
```

Reviewer: 这样会不会好一些

> Instead of directly using [`flow.save()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=save#oneflow.save) and [`flow.load()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.load#oneflow.load), LiBai provides a [`checkpoint module`](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.utils.html#module-libai.utils.checkpoint) dealing with complex situations for saving/loading model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of directly using [`flow.save()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=save#oneflow.save) and [`flow.load()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.load#oneflow.load), LiBai provides a [`checkpoint module`](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.utils.html#module-libai.utils.checkpoint) to deal with complex situations when saving/loading model.
```

Reviewer 2: 这样好些

> Typically, users don't need to write load/save weights trained from LiBai when using LiBai's `DefaultTrainer` and `LazyConfig`.[Training & Evaluation in Command Line](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/basics/Train_and_Eval_Command_Line.html) introduces `load weight` and `resume training` settings in `config.py` or in command line for standard training.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Typically, users don't need to write code to load/save weights trained from LiBai when using LiBai's `DefaultTrainer` and `LazyConfig`.[Training & Evaluation in Command Line](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/basics/Train_and_Eval_Command_Line.html) introduces `load weight` and `resume training` settings in `config.py` or in command line for standard training.
```

> Here we introduce how to load/save weights for your custom usage, suppose you have a model trained with LiBai

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we introduce how to load&save weights according to your custom needs, suppose you have a model trained with LiBai
```
这样会不会好些~， 要不要说一下是多少卡下train的，比如under 4 GPUs

```shell
# your model directory
output/finetune_qqp
├── config.yaml
├── last_checkpoint
├── log.txt
├── log.txt.rank1
├── log.txt.rank2
├── log.txt.rank3
├── metrics.json
├── model_0000009
│   ├── graph
│   ├── lr_scheduler
│   └── model
├── model_0000019
│   ├── graph
│   ├── lr_scheduler
│   └── model
├── model_best
│   ├── graph
│   ├── lr_scheduler
│   └── model
└── model_final
    ├── graph
    ├── lr_scheduler
    └── model
```

Load/Save model weights in your code
```python

> from libai.utils.checkpoint import Checkpointer

Reviewer 3: build_model 也可以 import 一下

```suggestion
from libai.utils.checkpoint import Checkpointer
from libai.models.build import build_model
```

model = build_model(cfg.model)
# load model weights
Checkpointer(model).load(path_to_model) # path_to_model should be "output/finetune_qqp/model_final" 

# save model weights
checkpointer = Checkpointer(model, save_dir="output/")
checkpointer.save("model_999")  # save to output/model_999
```

> You can also save more information(e.g. `optim`, `scheduler`) by Using `checkpointer`, see [Api doc](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.utils.html#module-libai.utils.checkpoint) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also save more information(e.g. `optim`, `scheduler`) by using `checkpointer`, see [libai.utils.checkpoint](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.utils.html#module-libai.utils.checkpoint) for more details.
```
感觉这样好些

# Load and Save a Checkpoint in LiBai

Instead of directly using [`flow.save()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=save#oneflow.save) and [`flow.load()`](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.load#oneflow.load), LiBai provides the [`checkpoint module`](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.utils.html#module-libai.utils.checkpoint) to deal with the complex situations when saving/loading model.

> Typically, users don't need to write code to load/save weights trained from LiBai when using LiBai's `DefaultTrainer` and `LazyConfig`.[Training & Evaluation in Command Line](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/basics/Train_and_Eval_Command_Line.html) introduces `load weight` and `resume training` settings in `config.py` or in command line for standard training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, users don't need to write the relative code to load/save weights trained from LiBai when using LiBai's `DefaultTrainer` and `LazyConfig`. For more details, please see [Training & Evaluation in Command Line](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/basics/Train_and_Eval_Command_Line.html) which introduces `load weight` and `resume training` settings in `config.py` or in command line for standard training.
```

Reviewer: 这样会不会好些

> Typically, users don't need to write code to load/save weights trained from LiBai when using LiBai's `DefaultTrainer` and `LazyConfig`.[Training & Evaluation in Command Line](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/basics/Train_and_Eval_Command_Line.html) introduces `load weight` and `resume training` settings in `config.py` or in command line for standard training.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Typically, users don't need to write code to load/save weights trained from LiBai when using LiBai's `DefaultTrainer` and `LazyConfig`.[Training & Evaluation in Command Line](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/basics/Train_and_Eval_Command_Line.html) introduces `weight load` and `resume training` settings in `config.py` or in command line for standard training.
```
